Bunch of trash
I Qiangsheng Group is not afraid of anyone in Qinzhou
You don't want it, I want it.
Fall of Qiangsheng Group
Removed from Qinzhou
The heavenly list task is automatically cancelled
10 times compensation received
What!
How could this be?
Impossible absolutely impossible
Johnson & Johnson Group is famous
Impossible Impossible
Uncle Simasai
What exactly happened?
What else could happen?
Naturally, your Chen family has offended people who shouldn't be offended.
Qiangsheng Group Rampage Boat
more
The people who can destroy Qiangsheng Group have great energy
Unimaginable
Mr. Mu Hahaha
You see, the compensation has been delivered.
Please forgive me.
Patriarch Sima
What do you mean?
You don't know yet?
Ah hey
In fact, a great man once said
If I can't get your forgiveness today
My dead vest will be like his Chen family
Immortal
Is it really him?
Impossible. He just returned home after eating Shaanxi cuisine.
It's not enough to kill the Chen family
I want to destroy the Sima family
Who the hell is he?
Patriarch Sima
I forgive you.
Get up first
Oops, hey, hey.
That's fine.
Just can you tell me
Who is helping Cangxue Group?
This is actually my Ye family